1. Basic information
Team number (e.g., 01) : 20
#1 Student ID : 1348314
#1 Student Name : Christopher Canchola
#2 Student ID : 1527842
#2 Student Name : Vincent Della Morte
#3 Student ID : 1562992
#3 Student Name : Nazanin Tafrishi

2. Meta-data page in an index file
- Show your meta-data page of an index design if you have any. 


3. Index Entry Format
- Show your index entry design (structure). 
Each index entry consists of the entry itself (with length info if varchar) followed by RID

4. Page Format
- Show your internal-page (non-leaf node) design.
At the beginning of a non-leaf page, there is an index directory which consists of a
#entries value which holds the number of pointers to child nodes in this node.  directly 
after the index directory, there is the first pointer to a child node followed by a traffic
cop which is the same as a data entry but without the RID followed by another child pointer.
  It continues on in this fashion, as on the lecture slides.  The free space is all at the 
end of the file.  


- Show your leaf-page (leaf node) design.
At the beginning of a leaf page, there is a leaf directory which consists of a pointer to
the leaf with the highest value keys less than the keys in the current leaf.  Next is a pointer
to the leaf with the lowest value keys greater than the keys in the current leaf.  Next is 
the number of entries in the leaf.  Lastly is the free space offset.  After the leaf directory
is the data entries in key,rid format.

5. Implementation Detail
- Have you implemented non-lazy deletion? Choose Yes or No: Also provide implementation details if yes.
NO

- Other implementation details:
The root page is always the 0th page.  If there is only one node in the tree, the root 
holds data entries rather than traffic cops and pointers and has #entries and free space 
pointer in its directory as well as the regular index directory(described above).  

6. Other (optional)
- Freely use this section to tell us about things that are related to the project 3, but not related to the other sections (optional)

